/* Here is the instructions and the little info I added. Feel free to add or change whatever. I changed the “reservations” class to the “rewards” class. The only reason I did that is because I felt like I may have sort of absorbed it in the descriptions for the customers and trainers. 
Once we agree no more changes need to be made I’ll create a pdf file and upload it and delete this. 
*/

In this first part, you need to do the following:
a) Define your team and project. (100 points)
In your project's GitHub folder
i) Create a .PDF file with:
    (1) the type of system you selected. (10 points)
    (2) description of your project (i.e., what are you planning to have in your system). Your description should consider at least 5 entities (i.e., embers, activities, fees, employees, etc.) (80 points)
Don't write just a single paragraph. You need to explain in detail your project.
 (3) Your project’s folder must contain a TXT file per team member (i.e., one file per team member) The name of the file must be lastname_firstname.txt (i.e., your name). The .txt file could be empty (but it must be created by the team member. Don’t create files for your teammates but make sure they create their own! (I can check on GitHub who created each file) (10 points)


Sports Club Management System     //Do we need to come up with a name?
Our Sports Club Management system will be a comprehensive system with all relevant information stored in separate classes. Our classes are listed below. 

1. Customer information: All Customer information will be stored in this class. This will include their personal information such as name, date of birth, phone number, as well as their information pertaining to the club such as length of time as member and classes and services they have signed up for. 

2. Membership plan: This will include the plans and fee’s for daily, monthly and yearly, and punch pass subscriptions. 

3. Trainers: This will be all personal trainer information. This will include the personal trainer’s name, what they teach, and their fees.
 
4. Classes: All sports club activities will be included in this class. This will include swimming classes, rock climbing classes, cycling classes, martial art classes, Olympic lifting, as well as the days they are offered. 

5. Rewards: The Rewards class will be a compilation of  discounts and perks that are applied to certain members who apply. For example, if customer has been a member for over 5 years than a 10% discount is applied to their membership. 

//Thoughts on if we should add or change classes/descriptions? 
